Let's first understand what navigation is.
Actually the browser is a familiar model of navigation.
Enter a URL in the address bar and the browser
navigates to the corresponding page.
Click a link on the page and the browser navigates to a new page.
Click the browser's back and forward buttons and the browser navigates
backwards and forwards through the history of pages.
The Angular router borrows from this model.
It can interpret a browser URL and navigate to a component,
passing optional parameters as well as executing some business code.
What we've done so far is aggregating all our
components into a single main component,
the main app component.
So we have the book-list, book-detail,
and book-form components all stuck together.
The way we did is that we've added the component selector names,
bs-book-list, bs-book-detail, and bs-book-form,
all in the same page.
Instead what we want is to have a single component,
here book-list, and when clicking on the menu or button,
navigate to book-detail or book-form, one component at a time.
To do that we no longer have to specify each component by its name.
Instead, we use the special Angular tag router-outlet.
This means that our components will be displayed here
instead of the tag router-outlet.
When we bootstrap our application, thanks to Angular CLI,
we got an empty AppRoutingModule.
This is where all routes of the application are defined.
Here the constant routes defines an array of routes.
A route is made of a path and a component.
What we are saying here is if the URL is something
like localhost 8080/book-list,
then the Angular router needs to execute the BookListComponent.
If the URL changes to book-form, then it executes the BookFormComponent.
If no URL is specified, that means it's the home page,
then the router executes the BookListComponent.
Book-list and book-form has the pass that we use on our
HTML or TypeScript components to navigate.
Now let's take the navigate bar of our BookStore application.
When we click on the menu list,
we use the routerLink directive and pass it the path we just defined,
book-list.
This will execute the BookListComponent so the list of components will show up.
Clicking on Create,
we'll use the path book-form and therefore execute the BookFormComponent. This will display the form to create a new book.